README.md, before:

React Faceted Token Input
=========================

A React component which is a tokenized input with faceted behavior.


Installation
------------

    npm install --save react-faceted-token-input


License
-------

This library, *React Faceted Token Input*, is free software ("Licensed
Software"); you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the [GNU
Lesser General Public License](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-2.1.html) as
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; including but not limited to, the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY,
NONINFRINGEMENT, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General
Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the [GNU Lesser General Public
License](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-2.1.html) along with this library; if
not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA

Commit message:

Moved installation inside the correct README.md

README.md, after:

React Faceted Token Input
=========================

A React component which is a tokenized input with faceted behavior.

Installation
------------

This React component, *react-faceted-token-input*, works with React `>=0.14`.

To install run:

    npm install --save react-faceted-token-input

Now you can start using the component inside your app.

For further help see the [documentation](./docs/README.md)


License
-------

This library, *React Faceted Token Input*, is free software ("Licensed
Software"); you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the [GNU
Lesser General Public License](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-2.1.html) as
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; including but not limited to, the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY,
NONINFRINGEMENT, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General
Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the [GNU Lesser General Public
License](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-2.1.html) along with this library; if
not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
